deprecating snapshot data persistence for AA (#2262)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-2-18.md

### Future deprecation notice

> ####Persistency for Active-Active databases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
####Active-Active database persistence
```

> The snapshot option for [data persistence on Active-Active databases](https://docs.redis.com/latest/rs/databases/active-active/manage/#data-persistence) will get deprecated in the next RS versions. Customers who are running Active-Active databases which are configured with snapshot data persistence are advised to reconfigure their data persistence mode to use the AOF option by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The snapshot option for [data persistence on Active-Active databases](https://docs.redis.com/latest/rs/databases/active-active/manage/#data-persistence) will be deprecated in a future version of Redis Enterprise Software.  If you have an Active-Active database using snapshot persistence, we strongly encourage you to switch to AOF persistence.  Use `crdb-cli` to do so:
```
